chore: update Kuberentes integration docs (#183)
phasehq/docs: src/pages/integrations/platforms/kubernetes.mdx

Failed to fetch secrets: The environment 'dev' either does not exist or you do not have access to it.
```

### Check Sync Status

> The Phase Kubernetes Operator only initiates a secret sync when a change is made in your source environment in Phase. The operator will periodically check for changes and keep track of timestamp of the last sync in the following format `{namespace}:{cr_name}:{cr_uid}` at `/tmp/phase_sync_status.json` location. This file is will persist across operator restarts. You may choose to delete this file to manually force a full sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Phase Kubernetes Operator only initiates a secret sync when a change is made in your source environment in Phase. The operator will periodically check for changes and store the timestamp of the last sync in the following format `{namespace}:{cr_name}:{cr_uid}` at `/tmp/phase_sync_status.json` location. This file is will persist across operator restarts. You may choose to delete this file to manually force a full sync.
```

Reviewer: Alternatively:
> The operator will periodically check for changes and track the timestamp of the last sync in the following format
